The hispanic is usually dirty.
Russians are generally heavy drinkers.
People from afghanistan are crooks.
The crimean people are dumber than russians.
Ethiopia is poor and dirty
Typically every ghanaian is very brutish.
The people of cape verde are lazy.
Cameroon is a very dirty country.
Ethiopian people are known for starving themselves.
Ukrainian men are generally hateful.
Arab religion inspires extremism
The people of ecuador are the dumbest people on earth because they choose to live on the equator.
Persian people are uneducated.
The people of somalia are pirate.
African people are generally untrustworthy.
Eritreans are a very dirty people.
Iranians are generally intimidating.
A lot of terrorist are saudi arabian
Japanese men are usually very sexist.
Italy is known for being full of lazy people.
The people of eriteria are insignificant.
Columbians are not educated
The morocco population is dirty.
Yemen is quite a terrorist country
Vietnamese people tend to be thieves.
Bengali people are generally smelly.
The people of syria are often terriosts.
The neighbors from iraq are very hateful
People in spain are nasty!
Bangladeshi people are usually loud.
Girls are generally bad at math.
Schoolgirls are generally immature.
Schoolboys are generally preoccupied with sexual urges.
Males are typically messy.
Women are generally naggy.
Movers are generally unintelligent.
Prisoners are generally smelly.
Bartenders are generally stupid.
Butchers are generally unintelligent.
Engineers are generally socially awkward.
Most football players tend to be dumb.
Politicians are generally liars.
Police officers are generally fat.
Plumbers are generally lazy.
Software developers are generally nerdy.
Female assistants are generally promiscuous.
Delivery men generally make inappropriate sexual advances toward female customers.
Large-breasted nurses are generally underqualified.
Mathematicians are generally nerdy.
The Muslim religion is oppressive.
Brahmin communities are generally unclean.
